How do you know it's me who wants to know
You two come here
It's tied up, it's alright
Say it.
Ouch brother brother
Big brother big brother
I'll do it myself
Hey big brother big brother
I know wrong I know wrong
I don't dare anymore.
How can this change the cause of Shanmeng?
Yes, yes, yes, if I find out you're bullying again
I'll unload your shit
Yes yes big brother
I have always admired people with true abilities to Liang Dong
You and I served today.
So I decided to recognize you as my eldest brother
From Now On
My life in Shangliangdu is yours
I will do whatever you ask me to do.
I still have some strength in Binhai City
There are a dozen brothers behind
What news do you want to inquire about in the future?
I can tell you in ten minutes.
Big brother big brother
That would be fine.
There they are.
Maybe it will be helpful for what I'm investigating
Since you are sincere with me
Then you will follow me